README.md, before:

# Electron Vue Sample App
A sample desktop app using [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/) and  [Vue](https://vuejs.org/), built in 2020.

The goal of this repo is to build a minimal desktop app and to get to know Electron for building JS desktop apps with Vue as a frontend framework.

### Prerequisites

- Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). Versions used when creating this app:
  - Node.js v12.19.0
  - NPM 6.14.8

### Available Commands:

`npm run serve`

Run Vue app on localhost:8080.

`npm run electron:serve`

Run Electron app.

`npm run electron:build`

Build Electron app.

## Additional Resources

- [Electron Documentation - Quick Start Guide](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/tutorial/quick-start)
- [Create an Electron application with Vue and Vuetify](https://itnext.io/electron-application-with-vue-js-and-vuetify-f2a1f9c749b8)
- [Vue CLI Documentation - Creating a Project](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/creating-a-project.html#vue-create)

### Steps to Re-Create the Sample App
1. npm install -g @vue/cli

2. vue create electron-vue-sample-app
    - Please pick a preset: Manually select features
    - Check the features needed for your project: Choose Vue version, Babel, TS, Router, Vuex, C
    SS Pre-processors, Linter
    - Choose a version of Vue.js that you want to start the project with 3.x (Preview)
    - Use class-style component syntax? Yes
    - Use Babel alongside TypeScript (required for modern mode, auto-detected polyfills, transpi
    ling JSX)? Yes
    - Use history mode for router? (Requires proper server setup for index fallback in productio
    n) No
    - Pick a CSS pre-processor (PostCSS, Autoprefixer and CSS Modules are supported by default):
     Sass/SCSS (with node-sass)
    - Pick a linter / formatter config: Prettier
    - Pick additional lint features: Lint on save
    - Where do you prefer placing config for Babel, ESLint, etc.? In dedicated config files

3. vue add electron-builder
    - Choose Electron Version ^9.0.0

Commit message:

Use Vue 2 and add Vuetify

README.md, after:

# Electron Vue Sample App
A sample desktop app using [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/) and  [Vue](https://vuejs.org/), built in 2020.

The goal of this repo is to build a minimal desktop app and to get to know Electron for building JS desktop apps with Vue as a frontend framework.

### Prerequisites

- Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). Versions used when creating this app:
  - Node.js v12.19.0
  - NPM 6.14.8

### Available Commands:

`npm run serve`

Run Vue app on localhost:8080.

`npm run electron:serve`

Run Electron app.

`npm run electron:build`

Build Electron app.

## Additional Resources

- [Electron Documentation - Quick Start Guide](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/tutorial/quick-start)
- [Create an Electron application with Vue and Vuetify](https://itnext.io/electron-application-with-vue-js-and-vuetify-f2a1f9c749b8)
- [Vue CLI Documentation - Creating a Project](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/creating-a-project.html#vue-create)

### Steps to Re-Create the Sample App
1. `npm install -g @vue/cli`

2. `vue create electron-vue-sample-app`
    - Please pick a preset: Manually select features
    - Check the features needed for your project: Choose Vue version, Babel, TS, Router, Vuex, C
    SS Pre-processors, Linter
    - Choose a version of Vue.js that you want to start the project with: 2.0 (Vuetify does not support Vue 3 at the time of writing. If you don't want to use Vuetify then choose 3.0)
    - Use class-style component syntax? Yes
    - Use Babel alongside TypeScript (required for modern mode, auto-detected polyfills, transpi
    ling JSX)? Yes
    - Use history mode for router? (Requires proper server setup for index fallback in productio
    n) No
    - Pick a CSS pre-processor (PostCSS, Autoprefixer and CSS Modules are supported by default):
     Sass/SCSS (with node-sass)
    - Pick a linter / formatter config: Prettier
    - Pick additional lint features: Lint on save
    - Where do you prefer placing config for Babel, ESLint, etc.? In dedicated config files

3. `vue add electron-builder`
    - Choose Electron Version ^9.0.0

4. `vue add vuetify`
